[[!meta title="Curriculum Vitæ, Research Statement, and Teaching Statement"]]

Introduction
------------

A brief statement of my research interests and teaching mission
follows, and my [Curriculum Vitæ](curriculum_vitae)
([pdf](dla-cv.pdf)),
[Research Statement](research_statement)
([pdf](research_statement.pdf)), and
[Teaching Statement](teaching_statement)
([pdf](teaching_statement.pdf)) are also available.

For my contact information or additional references, please e-mail
<don@donarmstrong.com>

Research Focus
--------------

My primary research focus is developing and using bioinformatics
techniques to identify causes and mechanisms underlying human
diseases, such as Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE). I have
identified multiple novel genes associated with SLE using both
genome-wide association studies and trio-based studies in targeted
regions. In collaborative work, I have identified a causal variant in
NCF2
([rs17849502](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP/snp_ref.cgi?rs=rs17849502))
using both *in silico* and *in vitro* approaches. I am currently
working on identifying causal variants in additional associated genes
using targeted deep sequencing using high-throughput variant analysis
pipelines to prioritize variants for additional *in silico* and *in
vitro* experiments. In the future, utilizing my extensive
bioinformatic and software development experience, I will head a
development group working on techniques for the storage, alignment,
and analysis of terabytes (eventually petabytes) of next-generation
sequencing data from collaborations studying human-relevant diseases
and biological systems.


Teaching Mission
----------------

While teaching, my primary mission is to have my students experience
the excitement of scientific discovery for themselves. Secondarily, I
use that excitement to keep them engaged and interested in the
material. While a graduate student at UC Riverside, I was a teaching
assistant for [Introductory Biology, Genetics, Molecular Biology, and
Developmental Biology](http://www.biology.ucr.edu/courses/UGcourses.html)


