

# Why I teach

I have always wanted to know how everything works, interconnects, and
evolved. That moment when a flash of insight shines a light on the
underlying structure of nature is an incredible feeling. Like many
researchers in science, I willingly subject myself to experimental
failures, difficult-to-interpret results, funding difficulties, and
long hours in order to receive that momentary feeling.

I teach because I want to share the excitement of discovery and
knowing, and I want others to be able to experience that excitement
for themselves. It is also quite rewarding to see the glimmer of
insight in my students eyes when they finally reach understanding for
themselves.

# General Goals for Students

## Desire and Excitement

If my students are *only* interested in learning the material I am
teaching to earn credit, then I have failed as a teacher. I want to
covey at least some of my excitement in the subject to them.
Perhaps it's naïve, but I think that once students are excited about
the material, they are more likely to succeed.

## Informed Skepticism

While only a small percentage of my students will become scientists, I
want them all to know how science works, how to analyze claims, weigh
evidence, do background research, and come to an independent
understanding of nature. From politics to the latest false claim on
the Internet, an ability to become informed, think critically, and
analyze skeptically will help my students be conscientious members of
our democratic society.

# How I Teach

## Task Analysis


For each course, I identify course-specific overall goals that I want
all of my students to achieve. Then, I plan a path to these goals,
with a hierarchy of sub-goals along the way. This enables me to
measure the effectiveness of my teaching and the students' progress at
each step during the course. For example, in an introductory
bioinformatics course, an overall goal might be to have students be
able to use common bioinformatic databases to answer biological
questions. A corresponding sub goal would be for students to be able
to use dbSNP to select all genetic variants in a specific gene in a
specific organism.

## Learn By Doing

Even though lecturing, demonstrations, and similar passive learning
techniques are important, everyone learns best by doing. Mistakes,
failure, experimentation, and learning from them are important parts
of learning by doing, just as they are in science. To the greatest
extent possible, I want to provide opportunities for students to learn
by doing. I want students to learn by solving problems using the
knowledge and resources they have gained in the course.

## Individual Engagement

In large courses it is very difficult to keep individual students
engaged, as they feel they are just one face in a hundred and have
limited opportunities to ask questions. When lecturing, I like to
combat this by asking students questions directly, and getting
students (even those at the back) to participate in demonstrations. I
will also be accessible both in-person on campus, and via e-mail.
Finally, I will encourage my teaching assistants (TAs) to be engaged
with our students by asking TAs about students in their sections in TA
meetings.

## Students Teaching Others


Having every student engaged with a teacher is a laudable goal, and
may be achievable in small  in large ones, there will always
be some people who are not reached. Students teaching other students
is one method of extending a teacher's reach. In the past, I have had
online forums or mailing lists for all courses that I have taught. In
these forums, students are able to ask questions, and other students
are able to answer them. In addition, students are able to reinforce
their learning by answering other student's questions. You know a
concept when you can teach others.

## Technology

Classroom technology is very useful in increasing the ability of
students to learn, experiment, and measuring outcomes in the
classroom. I plan on using:

1.  Interactive websites to enable student's active learning by doing,
    including exercises, experiments, and other activities.

2.  Real-time online feedback using automated grading on a website to
    the extent possible on homework so students know whether they
    understand the material.

3.  In-lecture questions through clickers or smart phones when the
    course is too large to gauge student understanding of material by
    asking questions of students or raising hands.

4.  Recording lectures so that students (and I) can refer to them
    later.

5.  Forums, mailing lists, and other communication methods so that
    students can learn cooperatively. When students explain material to
    other students, it answers other student's questions and reinforces
    their own knowledge.

6.  Demonstrations in class and online, both real and simulated, when
    appropriate to the material being taught.

# Measuring Outcomes

## Success and Failure

I'm continuing to study how to be a more effective teacher by learning
from other teachers and research into teaching techniques, and will
continue to do that as long as I teach. I will measure the outcomes of
my teaching in order to determine how effective I am. By correlating
the teaching methods I use for each sub-goal of my course with student
outcomes, over time I can identify the most effective teaching
strategies for me.

# Teaching Experiences

## Teaching Assistant

While a graduate student at UC Riverside, I was a teaching assistant
for Introductory Biology, Introductory
Genetics, Molecular Biology, and Developmental Biology.
<div id="footnotes">
<h2 class="footnotes">Footnotes: </h2>
<div id="text-footnotes">

<div class="footdef"><sup><a id="fn.1" name="fn.1" class="footnum" href="#fnr.1">1</a></sup> <p><http://www.biology.ucr.edu/courses/UGcourses.html></p></div>


</div>
</div>