[[!meta title="Bug Reporting Rate in Debian"]]

[Christian's most recent blog post](http://www.perrier.eu.org/weblog/2012/10/09#690000)
got me wondering if the decline in the bug reporting rate in Debian
was something new, or something which often happened during releases.
So, lets try to figure that out. In the BTS, when a bug report is
filed, the report is written to a file called `bugnum.report`, and
then not touched from then on. Let's look at the modification date on
that file to see when each bug was filed; and since we're going to
plot this, lets only look at bugs ending in 00:

    stat -c '%n %Y' /srv/bugs.debian.org/spool/{archive,db-h}/00/*.report > ~/reporting_rate.txt


Now, lets get the data into R and plot it.
[For clarity, I'm not showing the R code, but it's available in the source code for this post.]

[[!sweavealike width=800 fig=1 echo=0 results="hide" code="""
require(lattice)
reporting.rate <- read.table("data/bug_reporting_rate.txt")
colnames(reporting.rate) <- c("bug","epoch")
reporting.rate <- data.frame(reporting.rate)
reporting.rate$bug <- as.numeric(gsub("\\\\.report","",gsub(".*\\\\/","",reporting.rate$bug)))
reporting.rate <- reporting.rate[order(as.numeric(reporting.rate$bug)),]
### this is the number of bugs submitted per second
### however, for bug numbers less than about 100000, this number is wrong.
reporting.rate$rate <- c(NA,(reporting.rate$bug[-1] - reporting.rate$bug[-nrow(reporting.rate)])/
	(reporting.rate$epoch[-1]-reporting.rate$epoch[-nrow(reporting.rate)]))
reporting.rate$day <- as.POSIXct(reporting.rate$epoch,origin="1970-01-01")
### show the reporting rate from 2003 onward with a lowess line
print(xyplot(rate~day,reporting.rate[reporting.rate$epoch >= 1041408000,],
       panel=function(x,y,col,...){
	     panel.xyplot(x,y,col="cyan",...);
		 panel.loess(x,y,col="red",...);},
      ylim=c(0,0.005),
	  ylab="Bugs per Second",
	  xlab="Time"))
"""]]

From the plot (Bugs reported per second over time with a red loess fit
line), it looks like we do see a decline during certain periods.
However, there's an even more alarming trend of a decrease in bug
reporting in Debian which has been happening since 2006. (Note that
I've truncated the y scale significantly; there are periods in Debian
where the bug rate is astronomically high, usually corresponding to
mass bug filings; I've also limited the plot to data from 2003 on, as
I have to clean up that data significantly before I can plot it like
this.)

Not sure exactly what that means, but it is troubling.


[[!tag tech debian r debbugs]]
