[[!meta title="ErgoDox keyboard assembly"]]

I routinely use a Kinesis Advantage Pro keyboard, which is a split,
ergonomic keyboard with thumb clusters that uses brown cherryMX
switches. Over the thirteen years that I've been using it, I've become
a huge fan of this style of keyboard. However, I have two major
annoyances with the Kinesis. First, while the firmware is good,
remapping the keys is complicated and producing more complicated
keyboard layouts with layers and keycodes that are not present in the
original layout is not possible. Secondly, the interconnect between
the main key wells and the controller board in the middle occasionally
fails, and requires disassembly and occasional re-tinning of the
circuit board interconnect connector.

[[!agimg don_lab/017_even_more_lab_desk_10232003.jpg]]

About a year ago, I became aware of the [ErgoDox](http://ergodox.org/)
keyboard, which is a keyboard design which mimics the kinesis to some
degree, but with completely separated key halves (useful, because I'm
substantially bigger than the average human), programmable firmware
(so I can finally have the layers and missing keys) and with slightly
more elegant interconnects (TRRS cables). Unfortunately, at the time I
first heard about it (and other custom keyboards), making it required
sourcing circuit boards, parts, and finding someone to cut a case for
the keyboard. Then, a few months ago, I learned about
[MassDrop](http://www.massdrop.org), a company who puts together
groups of people to do buys of products at near-wholesale level
prices, and their offer of all of the parts to
[build an ErgoDox](https://www.massdrop.com/buy/ergodox). After
waiting for a group buy of the keyboard to become available, I put in
an order, and received the parts two months later.

Over a few hours yesterday, I learned how to do surface mount
soldering of the 78 diodes (one for each key), and finished assembling
and flashing the firmware. This morning, I fixed up the few key
bindings that I needed to be productive, and viola, my laptop at home
now has a brand new ergonomic keyboard.

[[!agimg 2014/08_August/20140801_ergodox/IMG_20140801_232557.jpg]]

[[!tag tech debian r debbugs]]
