[[!meta title="Wikipedia Deletion Reviews"]]

Many community driven projects have a problem with overgrown
bureaucratic processes reducing the desire and ability of casual
contributors to contribute. Debian has struggled with this problem,
with efforts like Debian Maintainers and sponsorship to address it,
but it's insidious and difficult to completely overcome. I recently
ran into this problem again with Wikipedia, where I'm a casual
contributor (I probably average an edit a month).

[[!agimg /2004/05_may/bot_garden_20040528/002_the_boojum_tree_20040528.jpg]] Sometime in 2006, I uploaded an image of a Boojum tree I took in 2004
to Wikipedia to provide an image for the
[Boojum tree](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boojum_tree) article. It
wasn't a particularly awe inspiring image, as I took it while I was
teaching second quarter freshmen biology on campus, and showing the
students the awesome
[Botanical Gardens at UCR](http://gardens.ucr.edu). In 2011, a
Wikipedia user asked for deletion of the image because of some
confusion about the copyright on the image, as
[Apache::Gallery](http://apachegallery.dk/)'s default template footer
contains Apache::Gallery's copyright. I didn't notice that during the
7 day deletion review period because I rarely log into Wikipedia.

A few days ago, I noticed, at asked for a
[Deletion Review](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Deletion_review).
I assumed that my explanation that the copyright notice was for
Apache::Gallery would be understood, and that at least the original
reason for the deletion would be seen to be invalid. Instead, during
[the process](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Deletion_review/Log/2012_June_26#File:Boojum_tree_ucr_botanical_garden.jpg)
I was questioned as to whether I actually took the picture, why I used
GPLv2+ for the pictures, whether I was claiming other people's images,
and whether the image was actually good enough to be in Wikipedia in
the first place. Hundreds of lines of text, an edit to the template in
A::G, hours wasted, people still unsatisfied, and the potential
contributor (myself) feeling so annoyed with the entire process that I
bothered to write this blog entry.

While I'm not sure what to do about Wikipedia, I've been forcibly
reminded of how important enabling easy contributions are, and how
alienated one can feel when one is stymied by them to the point that
your (admittedly insignificant) contribution to a project no longer
seems worth the effort.

[[!tag debian tech wikipedia]]
