[gal://2003/07_july/devils_tower_07032003/30_terra_cotta_at_devils_tower_07032003.jpg]Well, it's now day four of my trip. Everything seems to be going\nwell. I had pancakes for dinner tonight, with real live maple syrup,\nwhich hopefully will last the rest of the trip home. For some reason,\nmy powerbook seems not to be charging off of the power supply in my\ncar... I'll have to check that one out again... could be some polarity\nissue, or just the fact that square wave power doesn't agree with it.\n\n[gal://2003/07_july/devils_tower_07032003/04_devils_tower_07032003.jpg]Devil's Tower is really, really neat. The monument just raises out\nfrom nowhere like a gigantic pillar of hexagon shaped granite, almost\nlike a gigantic Atari symbol. Quite a few touristas were around\nwalking around the tower on the short trail... I ended up walking\naround the entire close trail, and then the farther loop... actually,\nwhen all is said and done, I hiked (well, walked really) almost all of\nthe trails in the park in less than 3 hours.\n\n[gal://2003/07_july/devils_tower_07032003/22_devils_tower_07032003.jpg]Hopefully some of the multitude of pictures I took came out. The tower\nitself is really impressive, and I'm going to try to get a few shots\nwhen I drive out of this place.\n\n[gal://2003/07_july/devils_tower_07032003/01_badlands_north_of_wounded_knee_07032003.jpg]Before I forget, on the way here I stopped at Wounded Knee, and\nbriefly drove by the massacre site. Eventually I think I come back,\nbut not until I have a better understanding of the events surrounding\nthat event, and can appreciate it more. I drove a bit through the\nbadlands, and saw some of the more interesting geological\nformations... some of those pictures ought to be worth looking at.\n\n[gal://2003/07_july/devils_tower_07032003/31_thistle_07032003.jpg]If I had actually wanted to, I could have gone through sundance, but\nI'm not so sure that I do... that film festival has completely\novershadowed the town.\n\nAnyway, the campsites here are pretty nice, the bugs have all been\nshot (or mostly so) and so long as the cows stay quiet, I'll be all\nright tonight. MOOOOO!!!!