[gal://parties_clubs/2003/february/dickys_02102003/dave_shooting_pool_02102003.jpg]\n[gal://parties_clubs/2003/february/gregs_02132003/raj_spinning_02132003.jpg] As much\nof the world braces itself for the seemingly imminent resumption of\nwar in the middle east, I went about my business much as I have for\nthe past few weeks. On Tuesday, I ended up spinning at dicky's for a\nbit, then on Thursday, I played at Greg's house with Raj and Greg.\n\n[gal://parties_clubs/2003/february/bliss_02142003/dancefloor_1_02142003.jpg]\nFriday was slightly more eventful as I ended up eating dinner with my\nRaphael and his family at their home. After a nice dinner, I went out\nto Tilt for Bliss, which, as always was fairly good, with James\nRevival and Al throwing some choice tracks throughout the night. After\nbliss I ate a late snack with Jerry, Dave and Chyna at some little\ndiner on East and Winton. As all decent diners go, the food was\ndecent, although not high quality.\n\n[gal://parties_clubs/2003/february/al_party_02152003/front_room_02152003.jpg]\nSaturday got out of control. I spent 6 hours playing pool at Jillians,\nwhich is has decent 8ft pool tables, and more importantly, an awesome\ndeal for pool before 6 PM. Yes, yours truly is becoming a pool\nnut. After that, I hung about for a bit at my apartment reading before\nheading over to Jerry's pad to run the circuit of parties on\nSaturday. We started out at Gee's place, and chilled there for a bit\n(I ran into a few people I've met before) then went to Al's house. The\nparty at Al's was going nicely, and I ended up killing the bottle of\nchampagne that I had brought with me in a little over an hour. Awesome\nFrench champagne from St. Hillarne's can't be beaten by anything\nwithin it's price range. People at the party were having a good time,\ngetting drunk as usual. Granted, the proclivity towards happy hardcore\nis not something that I like to hear, but having been through a happy\nhardcore phase in my own musical journey, I understand.\n\n[gal://clippings/anti_war_protest_02152003/6635325.jpg]\nMore importantly than my petty little experiences on Saturday, though,\nis what quite a few people in the rest of the nation did, protesting\nthe war against Iraq. Granted, a few people out there seem to think\nthat people protesting the war are the equivalent of supports of\nSaddam, but my troll meter continues to go off scale when I read\nmessages from them. \n\n[gal://clippings/anti_war_protest_02152003/6635353.jpg]\nIt's refreshing to see that millions of American citizens and people\nthroughout the globe are willing to take time to make their views\npublicly known in such a peaceful and powerful manner. Granted,\nthere were some instances of violence, both perpetrated by the police,\nand instigated by specific blocs of protesters, but by and large\npeople came, marched, rallied, and their views were noted. It almost\nmakes me sad that I wasn't able to participate in the marching on\nSaturday, being, as I am, out of the major metropolitan areas for the\ntime being. \n\n