Ya know, I think these diary things are built for people who keep normal daily schedules. I don't, at least, not any type of schedule that I can tell, so my entries are continually off base to what day it is. (I like working at night, but I sleep for about 12 hours at a time, and can easily stay up for 24. Seems like I keep rotating the day around piece by piece.\n\nOn to the point. I went to see Lord Of The Rings:Fellowship of the Ring. Really impressive. I think I'm going to go see it again. Some of the CG'd battle scenes are truely magnificent, rivendale and lothlorien are absolutely beautifully rendered and executed. Samaron's tower is really neat. I think I'm going to have to build a couple of those high backed slatted shairs for my room. (Not that anyone would ever be even slightly comfortable in them, but still... they are really cool.)\n\nI'll probably gush some more about it later. (Unfortunatly, it  wasn't shown digitally, and there are still the normal minor imperfections associated with film that is prepared chemically. I'm too much of a perfectionist, and the presence of occasional blotches on the film due to improper exposure of the film to developing agent and fixative is really annoying. I don't know of any duplicating group that is doing this correctly yet... of course, it's gotten a lot better... but I want perfection. On a brand new reel that has been shown less than 5 times, 4 1/64 frame size blotches is kind of annoying... plus the assortied squiglies and worms that you usually see....)