[gal://2008/don_graduation_06_16_2008/01_don_standing.jpg] I've been
in school as a student for almost all of my life up till now. While
that's a relatively normal thing for younger people, the older you
get, the rarer and rarer it is.

[gal://2008/don_graduation_06_16_2008/02_don_and_parents.jpg]
Finally, on Monday I went through the ceremony which marked the end of
my tenure as a student who is actually enrolled in school, and the
beginning of my tenure as a student who happens to also contribute to
and convey knowledge. That's right, I've finally managed to finish my
PhD in Cell, Molecular, and Developmental Biology. It's been a while
getting here, but with my dissertation completed and accepted by
graduate division, my defence completed, and finally being hooded by
my major professor, I'm done!

Getting my PhD has resolved a few fundamental dilemas that I've always
had. First, I now know what to put in that pesky "Mr/Mrs/Ms/Miss/Dr"
field. Before, Ms. was technically correct, but no one apparently
knows that means Master and confuses it with an abbreviation for Miss.
Now I just put Dr., and no more confusion. Second, dealing with
pretentious people and physicians who insist on being called Doctor
becomes easier. I can now ignore their silly titles with impunity.
[And yes, those of you who haven't spent an eternity in the ivory
tower should just call me Don anyway.] Next, I now have the covetous
union card that enables me to <i>teach</i> at instutitions of higher
learning.

Unfortunatly, that also means that I no longer qualify for student
discounts anywhere. Of course, I must admit that lately the people at
movie theaters have been looking at me askance when I ask for a
student discount. I'll have to wait 36 more years until I qualify for
the senior discount.
